Initial README for v1.0 (#134)
JuliaCloud/AWS.jl: README.md

## AWS.jl

[![Code Style: Blue](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-blue-4495d1.svg)](https://github.com/invenia/BlueStyle)
[![ColPrac: Contributor's Guide on Collaborative Practices for Community Packages](https://img.shields.io/badge/ColPrac-Contributor's%20Guide-blueviolet)](https://github.com/SciML/ColPrac)

## Overview

> Julia interface for [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Julia interface for [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com).
```

This package is a simplification of both the low-level APIs from [AWSCore.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWSCore.jl) and the high level APIs from [AWSSDK.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWSSDK.jl).
It includes automated code generation to ensure all new AWS services are available, as well as keeping existing services up to date.  

> To see an overview of the architecture see the [wiki page](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWS.jl/wiki/v1-Design-Document). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see an overview of the architecture see the [design document](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWS.jl/wiki/v1-Design-Document). 
```

> ## Installation

Reviewer 2: Is this really necessary? Seems to me like we could skip it and would be better than having a longer README

Author: I just included it since I've seen [other](https://github.com/domluna/JuliaFormatter.jl) [packages](https://github.com/jump-dev/JuMP.jl) [do](https://github.com/JuliaIO/JSON.jl) [it](https://github.com/JuliaWeb/HTTP.jl)

```julia
julia> Pkg.add("AWS")
```

## Usage
There are two ways to use `AWS.jl`, low-level and high-level API requests.

> Please note passing parameters for a request they must be in the form `AbstractDict{String, <:Any}`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Please note when passing parameters for a request they must be in the form `AbstractDict{String, <:Any}`.
```

> Please note when passing parameters for a request they must be in the form `AbstractDict{String, <:Any}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note when passing parameters for a request they must be a subtype of `AbstractDict{String, <:Any}`.
```

### Low-Level
To use the low-level API, you must know how to perform the request you are making.
If you do not know how to perform a request you can reference the [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/).
Alternatively you can look at `/src/services/{Service}.jl` to find a list of available requests, as well as their required and optional parameters.

> For example, to list the objects in an S3 bucket you must know the `request_method`(GET), and the endpoint `/${bucket}`.

Reviewer: Why is "request_method" in backticks?
```suggestion
For example, to list the objects in an S3 bucket you must know the `request_method` (GET), and the endpoint `/${bucket}`.
```

Author: `request_method` is in backticks, because it's a parameter when making these calls. In this example of getting objects in an S3 bucket you need to know two things:

- Request Method (GET)
- The endpoint (/bucket-name)

Reviewer: As these aren't keywords I think this is probably good:
```suggestion
For example, to list the objects in an S3 bucket you must pass in the request method (`"GET"`) and the endpoint (`"/${bucket}"`).
```

```julia

> using AWS.AWSServices: s3

Reviewer: Just curious why the submodule isn't "Services"?

Author: I felt that `Services` is maybe too generic, and wanted to specify that they are `AWSServices`. I wanted to avoid maybe any confusion if another package had a module called `Services`, so at least you could still do something like:

```julia
using AWS: AWSServices
AWSServices.s3(...)
```

Reviewer: I think if there is ambiguity with `Services` used in a down-stream package they could then do `AWS.Services` which is just slightly longer. Another thing that doesn't have to change here.

s3("GET", "/your-bucket")
```

### High-Level
To use the high-level API, you only need to know the name of the request which you wish to make.
For example again, to list the objects in an S3 bucket:

```julia
using AWS: @service
@service S3

S3.ListObjects("/your-bucket")
```

Note: When calling the `@service` macro you **MUST** capitalize the first character and match the `/services/{service}.jl` filename.

> If you do not the service will not be placed in your namespace and you will see an error.

Reviewer: I'm unclear on what happens with services files with underscores.

Just an idea: maybe the service files could all be modules which would mean the file names could match the camel-case formatting? There may be issues with this and how the `@service` macro works. I'm just bike sheding ideas to make this as easy as possible for end users.

Author: Yeah maybe this needs to be re-worded a bit. We define our low-level apis using the `serviceId` from services definition [file](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js/blob/master/apis/s3-2006-03-01.normal.json#L11). If this `serviceId` contains a space, we replace it with an underscore and ensure it's in all lower case. e.g.

```julia
serviceId -> Our definition

S3 -> s3
Secrets Manager -> secrets_manager
```

We use this modified serviceId as the name for our high-level API files as well. If you want to use the high-level definition you cannot do `@service secrets_manager` since that constant is already defined. So you must ensure that it is capitalized. You can also do something like:

```julia
using AWS: @service
@service SeCrEtS_mAnAgEr
SeCrEtS_mAnAgEr.CreateSecret(...)
```

As long as the structure of the variable (SeCrEtS_mAnAgEr) matches the lowercase version of the `/services/{service_name}.jl` file, it'll work.

Reviewer: Ah, that makes more sense. I think we can probably improve this design further but lets just improve the docs for now

This is due to the lowercase service name being a `constant`.

```julia
using AWS: @service
@service s3
WARNING: import of AWSServices.s3 into s3 conflicts with an existing identifier; ignored.

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe this is better as a REPL example?

## Limitations

> Currently there are a few limitations with the high-level APIs. For example, with S3's DeleteMultipleObjects call.

Reviewer 2: Only one sentence per line in markdown files, also the example sentence should probably end with a `:` instead of a `.`

To remove multiple objects you must pass in an XML string (see below) in the body of the request.
There is no-programatic way to see this from the [aws-sdk-js](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js/blob/master/apis/s3-2006-03-01.normal.json), so the high-level function will not work.
There are most likely other similar functions which require more intricate details in how the requests are performed, both in the S3 definitions and in other services.

```julia
body = """
    <Delete xmlns="http://s3.amazonaws.com/doc/2006-03-01/">
        <Object>
            <Key>$file_name</Key>
        </Object>
    </Delete>
    """

> ```

Reviewer: A more complete example would be nice

## Alternative Solutions
There are a few alternatives to this package, the two below are being deprecated in favour of this package:
* [AWSCore.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWSCore.jl) - Low-level AWS interface
* [AWSSDK.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWSSDK.jl) - High-level AWS interface

As well as some hand-written packages for specific AWS services:

> * [AWSS3.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWSS3.jl) - Julia1.0+
> * [AWSSQS.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWSSQS.jl) - Julia1.0+ 
> * [AWSSNS.jl](https://github.com/samoconnor/AWSSNS.jl) - Julia0.7
> * [AWSIAM.jl](https://github.com/samoconnor/AWSIAM.jl) - Julia0.6
> * [AWSEC2.jl](https://github.com/samoconnor/AWSEC2.jl) - Julia0.6
> * [AWSLambda.jl](https://github.com/samoconnor/AWSLambda.jl) - Julia0.6
> * [AWSSES.jl](https://github.com/samoconnor/AWSSES.jl) - Julia0.6
> * [AWSSDB.jl](https://github.com/samoconnor/AWSSDB.jl) - Julia0.6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [AWSS3.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWSS3.jl) - Julia 1.0+
* [AWSSQS.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWSSQS.jl) - Julia 1.0+ 
* [AWSSNS.jl](https://github.com/samoconnor/AWSSNS.jl) - Julia 0.7
* [AWSIAM.jl](https://github.com/samoconnor/AWSIAM.jl) - Julia 0.6
* [AWSEC2.jl](https://github.com/samoconnor/AWSEC2.jl) - Julia 0.6
* [AWSLambda.jl](https://github.com/samoconnor/AWSLambda.jl) - Julia 0.6
* [AWSSES.jl](https://github.com/samoconnor/AWSSES.jl) - Julia 0.6
* [AWSSDB.jl](https://github.com/samoconnor/AWSSDB.jl) - Julia 0.6
```

## License
```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 JuliaCloud

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

> ```

Reviewer: Just point the users to the LICENSE file. I think we can leave this out entirely

## AWS.jl

[![Code Style: Blue](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-blue-4495d1.svg)](https://github.com/invenia/BlueStyle)
[![ColPrac: Contributor's Guide on Collaborative Practices for Community Packages](https://img.shields.io/badge/ColPrac-Contributor's%20Guide-blueviolet)](https://github.com/SciML/ColPrac)

## Overview
A Julia interface for [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com).

This package is a simplification of both the low-level APIs from [AWSCore.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWSCore.jl) and the high level APIs from [AWSSDK.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWSSDK.jl).
It includes automated code generation to ensure all new AWS services are available, as well as keeping existing services up to date.  

To see an overview of the architecture see the [design document](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWS.jl/wiki/v1-Design-Document). 

## Installation
```julia
julia> Pkg.add("AWS")
```

## Usage

> There are two ways to use `AWS.jl`, low-level and high-level API requests.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`AWS.jl` can be used with low-level and high-level API requests.
```

Please note when passing parameters for a request they must be a subtype of `AbstractDict{String, <:Any}`.

### Low-Level
To use the low-level API, you must know how to perform the request you are making.
If you do not know how to perform a request you can reference the [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/).
Alternatively you can look at `/src/services/{Service}.jl` to find a list of available requests, as well as their required and optional parameters.

> For example, to list the objects in an S3 bucket you must pass in the request method (`"GET"`) and the endpoint (`"/${bucket}"`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, to list the objects in an S3 bucket you must pass in the request method (`"GET"`) and the endpoint (`"/${bucket}"`):
```

```julia
using AWS.AWSServices: s3

s3("GET", "/your-bucket")
```

### High-Level

> To use the high-level API, you only need to know the name of the request which you wish to make.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use the high-level API, you only need to know the name of the request you wish to make.
```

For example again, to list the objects in an S3 bucket:

```julia
using AWS: @service
@service S3

S3.ListObjects("/your-bucket")
```

> Note: When calling the `@service` macro you **MUST** capitalize the first character and match the `/services/{service}.jl` filename.

Reviewer 3: This might make the "note" easier to see at a glance but probably isn't necessary.
```suggestion
**Note:** When calling the `@service` macro you **MUST** capitalize the first character and match the `/services/{service}.jl` filename.
```

If you do not the service will not be placed in your namespace and you will see an error.
This is due to the lowercase service name being a `constant`.

```julia
using AWS: @service
@service s3
WARNING: import of AWSServices.s3 into s3 conflicts with an existing identifier; ignored.
```

## Limitations
Currently there are a few limitations with the high-level APIs. 
For example, with S3's DeleteMultipleObjects call.
To remove multiple objects you must pass in an XML string (see below) in the body of the request.

> Low-Level API Example

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Low-Level API Example:
```

```julia
using AWS.AWSServices: s3

body = """
    <Delete xmlns="http://s3.amazonaws.com/doc/2006-03-01/">
        <Object>
            <Key>test.txt</Key>
        </Object>
    </Delete>
    """
bucket_name = "example-bucket"

s3("POST", "/$bucket_name?delete", Dict("body" => body))  # Delete multiple objects
```

There is no-programatic way to see this from the [aws-sdk-js](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js/blob/master/apis/s3-2006-03-01.normal.json), so the high-level function will not work.

> High-Level API Example

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
High-Level API Example:
```

```julia
using AWS: @service
@service S3

body = """
    <Delete xmlns="http://s3.amazonaws.com/doc/2006-03-01/">
        <Object>
            <Key>test.txt</Key>
        </Object>
    </Delete>
    """
bucket_name = "example-bucket"

S3.DeleteObjects(bucket_name, body)  # Delete multiple objects
> ERROR: AWS.AWSExceptions.AWSException("MissingRequestBodyError", "Request Body is empty")
```
There are most likely other similar functions which require more intricate details in how the requests are performed, both in the S3 definitions and in other services.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
